skil_yolo2_app/README.md, before:

# Object Detection with YOLO2 Demo on SKIL

This example is meant to show off raw TF model import into SKIL 1.0.2. We've chosen object detection in computer vision as the application we want to demo in the context of Tensor Flow model import on SKIL. For the purposes of demoing computer vision on SKIL, we'll use a YOLO network for object deteciton as the application. The original YOLO2 model is in the darknet framework format, but fortunately we have a way of converting this format to the tensor flow format.

The purpose of this demo on SKIL is two-fold:
1. show off the native TensorFlow model import capabilities of the SKIL platform
2. show off a live real-world computer vision object detection demo on the SKIL platform


## Demo Workflow
* Start up SKIL 1.0.2
* Download and convert the YOLO2 Model to the .pb TensorFlow format
* Import the model into the SKIL Model Server
* Run the YOLO2 Client from the local command line

# Get SKIL 1.0.2

Check out SKIL over at: [https://skymind.ai/platform](https://skymind.ai/platform)

You can get SKIL as either an [RPM package](https://docs.skymind.ai/v1.0.2/docs/packages) or a [Docker Image](https://docs.skymind.ai/v1.0.2/docs/docker-image) from the [downloads page](https://docs.skymind.ai/v1.0.2/docs/download)




# Working with the YOLO Model

YOLO is a deep network for real-time object detection and classification. 
Paper: 
* [version 1](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1506.02640.pdf)
* [version 2](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.08242.pdf)

As described in the first paper:

> We pretrain our convolutional layers on the ImageNet
> 1000-class competition dataset [30]. For pretraining we use
> the first 20 convolutional layers from Figure 3 followed by a
> average-pooling layer and a fully connected layer. We train
> this network for approximately a week and achieve a single
> crop top-5 accuracy of 88% on the ImageNet 2012 validation
> set, comparable to the GoogLeNet models in Caffe’s
> Model Zoo [24]. We use the Darknet framework for all
> training and inference [26].

Which references the darknet framework as:

> [26] J. Redmon. Darknet: Open source neural networks in c.
> http://pjreddie.com/darknet/, 2013–2016. 3


## Leveraging the Darknet Framework to Extract the TensorFlow Model

So for this demo we want a TensorFlow model to import into SKIL. For the purposes of demoing computer vision on SKIL, we'll use a YOLO network for object deteciton as the application. The original YOLO2 model is in the darknet framework format, but fortunately we have a way of converting this format to the tensor flow format.

* The official website listed for the yolo9000 paper:
   * https://pjreddie.com/darknet/yolo/
* The github repo for the darknet framework:
   * https://github.com/pjreddie/darknet
* Specific YOLO model weights in darknet format:
   * https://pjreddie.com/darknet/yolo/
   * The weights are from here and are listed under YOLOv2 608x608
      * [weights](https://pjreddie.com/media/files/yolo.weights)
      * [cfg](https://github.com/pjreddie/darknet/blob/master/cfg/yolo.cfg)

Now that we know where to get the darknet-format yolo model, let's move on to converting it to the TensorFlow format.

## Specific Steps for Model Conversion

Now that we have the darknet-format yolo model we need to convert it to the TensorFlow format. The repo linked below converts the darknet-format model from darknet to TensorFlow. The repo has instructions on how to get the single pb file aka the frozen graph.

https://github.com/thtrieu/darkflow

Skip down to the section on ["Saving the built graph to a protobuff file"](https://github.com/thtrieu/darkflow#save-the-built-graph-to-a-protobuf-file-pb) and check out the specific commands on how to get darknet to save to the TensorFlow format.

As noted in their docs, the name of input tensor and output tensor (e.g., "placeholders") are respectively 'input' and 'output'. For more information on how to use protobuf files, check out the official [docs of Tensorflow on C++ API](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/cc/). 


# Import the .pb File into the SKIL Model Server

Now we can log into SKIL and import the .pb file we created in the previous step.

* log into SKIL
* select the "deployments" option on the left side toolbar
* click on the "New Deployment" button
* in the models section of the newly created deployment screen, select "Import" and locate the .pb file we created previously
* For the placeholders options:
   * Names of the Input Placeholders: "input" (make sure to press 'enter' after you enter the name)
   * Names of the Output Placeholders: "output" (also make sure to press 'enter' after you enter the name)
* click on "Import Model" 
* click the "start" button on the endpoint


# Run the SKIL Client Locally

clone this repo with the command:
```
git clone [ here ]
```
build the jar:
```
mvn package
```
now run the jar from the command line:

java -jar ./target/skil-example-yolo2-tf-1.0.0.jar --input https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tejaslodaya/car-detection-yolo/master/images/0012.jpg --endpoint http://localhost:9008/endpoints/tf2/model/yolo/default/

where --input can be any input image you choose, and the --endpoint parameter is the endpoint you create when you import the TF .pb file.

The jar can also take local file:// input as well.

# Reference Material on the YOLO Family of Networks

* Understanding bounding box mechanics in object detection (aka “understanding YOLO output)
   * http://christopher5106.github.io/object/detectors/2017/08/10/bounding-box-object-detectors-understanding-yolo.html

Commit message:

added more readme detail for the yolo example app x2

skil_yolo2_app/README.md, after:

# Object Detection with YOLO2 Demo on SKIL

This example is meant to show off raw TF model import into SKIL 1.0.2. We've chosen object detection in computer vision as the application we want to demo in the context of Tensor Flow model import on SKIL. For the purposes of demoing computer vision on SKIL, we'll use a YOLO network for object deteciton as the application. The original YOLO2 model is in the darknet framework format, but fortunately we have a way of converting this format to the tensor flow format.

The purpose of this demo on SKIL is two-fold:
1. show off the native TensorFlow model import capabilities of the SKIL platform
2. show off a live real-world computer vision object detection demo on the SKIL platform


## Demo Workflow
* Start up SKIL 1.0.2
* Download and convert the YOLO2 Model to the .pb TensorFlow format
* Import the model into the SKIL Model Server
* Run the YOLO2 Client from the local command line

# Get SKIL 1.0.2

Check out SKIL over at: [https://skymind.ai/platform](https://skymind.ai/platform)

You can get SKIL as either an [RPM package](https://docs.skymind.ai/v1.0.2/docs/packages) or a [Docker Image](https://docs.skymind.ai/v1.0.2/docs/docker-image) from the [downloads page](https://docs.skymind.ai/v1.0.2/docs/download)




# Working with the YOLO Model

YOLO is a deep network for real-time object detection and classification. 
Paper: 
* [version 1](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1506.02640.pdf)
* [version 2](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.08242.pdf)

As described in the first paper:

> We pretrain our convolutional layers on the ImageNet
> 1000-class competition dataset [30]. For pretraining we use
> the first 20 convolutional layers from Figure 3 followed by a
> average-pooling layer and a fully connected layer. We train
> this network for approximately a week and achieve a single
> crop top-5 accuracy of 88% on the ImageNet 2012 validation
> set, comparable to the GoogLeNet models in Caffe’s
> Model Zoo [24]. We use the Darknet framework for all
> training and inference [26].

Which references the darknet framework as:

> [26] J. Redmon. Darknet: Open source neural networks in c.
> http://pjreddie.com/darknet/, 2013–2016. 3


## Leveraging the Darknet Framework to Extract the TensorFlow Model

So for this demo we want a TensorFlow model to import into SKIL. For the purposes of demoing computer vision on SKIL, we'll use a YOLO network for object deteciton as the application. The original YOLO2 model is in the darknet framework format, but fortunately we have a way of converting this format to the tensor flow format.

* The official website listed for the yolo9000 paper:
   * https://pjreddie.com/darknet/yolo/
* The github repo for the darknet framework:
   * https://github.com/pjreddie/darknet
* Specific YOLO model weights in darknet format:
   * https://pjreddie.com/darknet/yolo/
   * The weights are from here and are listed under YOLOv2 608x608
      * [weights](https://pjreddie.com/media/files/yolo.weights)
      * [cfg](https://github.com/pjreddie/darknet/blob/master/cfg/yolo.cfg)

Now that we know where to get the darknet-format yolo model, let's move on to converting it to the TensorFlow format.

## Specific Steps for Model Conversion

Now that we have the darknet-format yolo model we need to convert it to the TensorFlow format. The repo linked below converts the darknet-format model from darknet to TensorFlow. The repo has instructions on how to get the single pb file aka the frozen graph.

https://github.com/thtrieu/darkflow

Skip down to the section on ["Saving the built graph to a protobuff file"](https://github.com/thtrieu/darkflow#save-the-built-graph-to-a-protobuf-file-pb) and check out the specific commands on how to get darknet to save to the TensorFlow format.

As noted in their docs, the name of input tensor and output tensor (e.g., "placeholders") are respectively 'input' and 'output'. For more information on how to use protobuf files, check out the official [docs of Tensorflow on C++ API](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/cc/). 


# Import the .pb File into the SKIL Model Server

Now we can log into SKIL and import the .pb file we created in the previous step.

* log into SKIL
* select the "deployments" option on the left side toolbar
* click on the "New Deployment" button
* in the models section of the newly created deployment screen, select "Import" and locate the .pb file we created previously
* For the placeholders options:
   * Names of the Input Placeholders: "input" (make sure to press 'enter' after you enter the name)
   * Names of the Output Placeholders: "output" (also make sure to press 'enter' after you enter the name)
* click on "Import Model" 
* click the "start" button on the endpoint


# Run the SKIL Client Locally

clone this repo with the command:
```
git clone git@github.com:SkymindIO/SKIL_Examples.git
```
build the jar:
```
cd skil_yolo2_app/client_app
mvn package
```
This will build a jar named "skil-example-yolo2-tf-1.0.0.jar" in the ./target subdirectory of the client_app/ subdirectory.

Now that we have a client application jar, we can run the yolo2 client jar from the command line:
```
java -jar ./target/skil-example-yolo2-tf-1.0.0.jar --input https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tejaslodaya/car-detection-yolo/master/images/0012.jpg --endpoint http://localhost:9008/endpoints/tf2/model/yolo/default/
```
where 

* `--input` can be any input image you choose (local file with the file:// prefix, or an image file via an internet URI with a http:// prefix)
* `--endpoint` parameter is the endpoint you create when you import the TF .pb file



# Reference Material on the YOLO Family of Networks

* Understanding bounding box mechanics in object detection (aka “understanding YOLO output)
   * http://christopher5106.github.io/object/detectors/2017/08/10/bounding-box-object-detectors-understanding-yolo.html
